We will see into this thing . 
We must be cautious in our movements . 
One conceited pigeon among the rest gave them bad advice . 
He told them to fly down to the rice-grains and satisfy their hunger . 
On beginning to peck they were all caught in the net . 
They ought rather to have blamed themselves for having listened to him . 
The king now told them what to do . 
Small things become strong by being united among them-selves . 
The pigeons acted on this advice . 
At first the fowler hoped to see them come down again to the earth . 
In this way the fowler lost both his net and the pigeons . 
The king directed them to a certain place . 
There his friend , the king of the mice , received them kindly . 
The king of the mice set them all free by nibbling through the net . 
Thus the whole troop of pigeons escaped by means of union . 
All men should profit by this lesson . 
A chariot will not go on a single wheel . 
A square thing does not fit into a round hole . 
Draw a circle round a given centre . 
The flies are flying round and round . 
Men must go their daily round of duty . 
Vasco da Gama was the first to round the Cape of Good Hope .
The earth is very dry , and needs rain . 
He must needs know the reason of this . 
Our needs or wants are few . 
I will wait for you at the next house . 
He stood next me in the class . 
Who came next ? 
The road was all covered with sand . 
He returned after a week 's absence . 
He returned after he had been absent for a week . 
The man died of fever , and his son died a few days after . 
6 . A beggar is standing before the gate . I never saw such a tiling 
before . He took the book , before he had paid for it . 
My book is a better one than yours . 
You are working better to-day . 
Do not despise your betters . 
There is but one man present . 
Who but you would have made such a mistake . 
He is a man of common sense , but not learned in books . 
He had enough to do . 
We have wages enough for three men . 
Half measures do not succeed . 
One half of his task is now done . 
He was half dead with fear . 
He has eaten more bread to-day than yesterday . 
More has been done than was expected . 
I like him more than I like you . 
Near our house there is a fine tree . 
He is a near relative of mine . 
Stand near , while I whisper something into your ear . 
He has wasted much time . 
I am much pleased with your conduct . 
You will not get much from me . 
We should pity the sorrows of others . 
Other men besides you deserve pity . 
You will save him if you try . 
I have not seen him since Monday last . 
I took this house four weeks since . 
We shall trust you , since you were always honest . 
I am not a student in that school . 
A student that works hard will get promotion . 
I heard that you were coming . 
We must stop here a little while . 
While the cat is away , the mice play .
I am sorry that he behaved with so much rudeness . 
A sharp ride on a spirited horse is the best kind of exercise . 
The beauties of nature are beyond description . 
Dinner being over , let us now go into the next room . 
He will be dismissed in the event of his doing such a thing again . 
The young have to learn how to profit by experience . 
He was not often behind time . 
An English sailor had been shut up for several years , but he was set free at the peace . 
Bind him hand and foot and take him away . 
A man in bad health can seldom be happy . 
He was not a man to tell a lie . 
The two chief points having been gained , success is now certain . 
He took medicine in order that he might recover . 
He still feels tired , notwithstanding that he had ten hours ' sleep . 
Justice is a virtue . 
He is a justice of the peace . 
She is admired for her beauty . 
She is the beauty of the town .
He has no authority . 
The best authorities differ . 
I admire nobility of character . 
He is a man of sound judgment .
The magistrate passed a severe judgment .
Sight is a valuable faculty .
That was a fine sight .
The news fills me with wonder .
We have seen a wonder to-day . 
Kindness is part of his character .
He did me a great kindness .
The step you have taken is one of much risk .
Such a book as yours deserves to be well read . 
Prosperous men are much exposed to flattery . 
For such alone can be made to pay for it . 
Prosperous men are not always more happy than unlucky ones . 
A pale light , begins to fringe the horizon . 
Will you ride this horse or that ? 
A stranger could not be received twice as such in the same house . 
The plan you have chosen does not seem to me to be a wise one . 
One man says this , another that ; whom should I believe ? 
The fire burnt up the house . 
Do not stop me . 
They open the doors at nine . 
A man breaks stones with a hammer . 
The ox drew this cart . 
Move away this stone . 
He broke up the meeting . 
The mouse steals food . 
They bathed the child . 
He rolls a ball down the hill . 
He burst the door open . 
Bad men hide their faults . 
He turned me out of the room . 
They drop the boat into the water . 
They keep the boat on the left bank . 
He sets the school in order . 
He feeds the horse on grain . 
He rested his horse . 
He lengthened his journey . 
He spread his garment . 
The shepherd gathered the sheep . 
The wind dispersed the clouds . 
He closed the business . 
The sun melts the snow . 
He dashed down the cup . 
We must widen the road . 
He burnt with rage . 
Let us stop here a little . 
School opens at ten o 'clock . 
The day breaks at six .
He drew near to me . 
Move on a little faster . 
School broke up at three . 
The mouse steals into its hole . 
Let us lathe here . 
The ball rolls down the hill . 
The monsoon has burst . 
Bats hide during the day . 
He turned to me and spoke . 
Rain drops from the sky . 
The boat keeps on the left bank . 
The sun sets at six P.M . 
Many men feed on rice . 
The horse rested in the stable . 
The days begin to lengthen . 
The mist spreads over the earth . 
The sheep gathered round their shepherd . 
The clouds have dispersed from the sky . 
The day closed at six P.M . 
The snow melts in the sun . 
He dashed out of the room . 
The road widens at this point . 
The fog has lifted . 
He boils the water . 
He walks out the prisoners . 
He ran a thorn into his hand . 
Do not starve the horse . 
Ring the bell . 
He flew the kite . 
He marches out the soldiers . 
He grows wheat in the field . 
He floated the boat . 
The prisoners walk out . 
A thorn ran into his hand . 
That horse will starve . 
The bell rang twice . 
The kite flew into the air . 
The soldiers march out . 
Wheat grows in the field . 
The boat floated . 
The bird flew exactly over the sleeper 's head . 
He paid the money quite up to date . 
His abilities are decidedly above the average . 
He was sitting almost outside the door . 
He arrived long before the time . 
He held his hand partly on the table . 
A man is truly happy only when he is in sound health . 
I dislike this weather simply because the air is too hot . 
No animal is larger than a whale . 
I will not take less than ten shillings . 
He did nothing else than laugh .
He got more than he asked for 
He has said so more than once .
He is not such a fool as he looks . 
As many men as came were caught . 
Yours is not the same book as mine .
The exact time when the theft was committed was never found out . 
The man by whom the theft was committed has been caught .
The house we lived in has fallen down . 
This is the same story that I heard ten years ago . 
It 's an ill wind that blows no one any good . 
This is not such a book as I should have chosen . 
He made his living by the presents he received from the men he served . 
All that glitters is not gold . 
A river is joined at places by tributaries that swell its waters . 
Of what use is a knowledge of books to him who fails to practise virtue ? 
Fortune selects him for her lord , who reflects before acting . 
Springs are fed by rain , which has percolated through the rocks or soil . 
I have seen the house where Shakspeare was born . 
The plan you acted on has answered well . 
They accepted every plan we proposed . 
Surely the story you are telling me is not true . 
Thrice is he armed that hath his quarrel just . 
The night is long that never finds the day . 
He travelled home by the way his father showed him . 
There are times when every one feels a little sad . 
Such men as are false to their friends should always be avoided . 
I forgot to tell you the time when I shall return . 
Our present house suits us exactly . 
This rule , the source of all our troubles , is disliked by every one . 
That was a fault not to be forgiven . 
The diamond field is not far from here . 
He and his friend entered into a partnership binding them-selves to incur equal risks . 
Their explanation cannot be true . 
The snow-line in India is about 20,000 feet high . 
The troubles besetting him on all sides did not daunt him . 
They soon forgot their past labours . 
This spot , the first landing-place of the Pilgrim Fathers , is held to be sacred ground . 
My leave-application has been dispatched . 
Is this the way to learn your lessons ? 
A certain cholera-cure has not yet been found . 
Egypt was one of the first countries to become civilised . 
Death from snake-bite is of daily occurrence . 
The benefits of his early training were thrown away . 
That was the act of a coward . 
Milton was the greatest poet in King Charles 's reign . 
These hills have never yet been trodden by the foot of man . 
He will succeed , because he works hard .
He worked so hard , that he was quite tired .
He took medicine that he might get well .
I will do this , if I am allowed .
He is honest , although he is poor .
He likes you more than me .